Welcome, in this video, we're going to further manage our teams.
I'm currently logged in as "jasongtaylor", but I'm on the "my-organization-example" organization.
If I go to people, I see I currently have two people that are part of this organization:
"awesomejt" and "jasongtaylor". If I hop over to "Teams",
I currently have one team called developers.
If I click on "Developers" I go to the developers team page,
which allows me to manage the settings, and who's part of this team,
and any repositories that are associated with this team.
If I click on settings, I have the ability to edit the team.
I'm going to change the description to "Team for development staff".
Once I've done that, I can click on "Update".
Great, the description for the "Developers" team has changed.
Another aspect of the teams are the repositories that are associated with the teams.
Teams have two facets; the team members, and the repositories.
Let's click on "Repositories"; by default, there are no repositories
associated with this team. If we go to "Add repositories",
and just start typing the name of a repository name,
we should have a listing that includes something that matches our search criteria.
Once we find the repository we wish to add to this team,
we just click on it and it is added to this team.
I also have the option to choose the visibility of this repository within this team.
By default, it's going to place it as read-only, which only allows
members part of this team to have read or view access to this repository.
If I want to, I can use the dropdown, and change the permission level.
"Read" means it allows team members to read or view the contents of the repository
and to also clone the repository, or even make a fork
of this repository into their personal space on GitHub.
This is a fairly common level when working with open-source projects
that you're not directly managing. "Write", which is the next level up,
allows team members to read, clone, and push to this repository.
It also allows developers to directly make modifications to files on the GitHub repository,
and then finally "Admin" allows team members to have admin access
to the repository, which means, in addition to reading, writing, and pushing,
it allows team members to add other collaborators to this repository.
For the development team, I want all repositories that are associated to have write access.
Once I select "Write" GitHub automatically updates that permission.
Great, I'm going to click on the name of my organization,
and that will just take me back to the organization's profile page.